The suzerain is not good
I am Lei Yun Tianzun who got away with it
Go to the Holy King's Palace to ask the Holy King for help
Now the Holy King is out with a group of people
Obviously, the visitor is not good
Dare to make this in front of Lin Shun
I see they clearly don't want to live anymore
Li Che, I'll help you solve it now. He's not in a hurry.
Also ask the Apostolic Minister
Although the suzerain martial arts minister can block it for a while
But we're short of resources.
And so on.
The sky is about to end
Anyway, I know a place
It's full of energy.
Infinite medicinal materials
Enough for Tianzong to last for ten thousand years
Let's go
You are going
But the domain of the ancestors of my holy dynasty
So what?
Arrogance
The domain of the former king is the private cemetery of my Holy King's Palace
The Temple of the Holy Kings is not there
You still take the initiative to provoke and die